a little over 15,000 years ago in upper
regions of Himalayas a yogi appeared
[Music]
nobody knew where he came from his end
dissidents were unknown but he loomed
extraordinary so people gathered they
waited they thought he's gonna perform
some miracle but he did nothing simply
he said done mowing only seven people
Hong Kong these seven people recognized
that this is a fantastic miracle because
only someone who is transcended the
physical nature can simplicity then the
beg him you seem to be knowing or
experiencing something that we cannot
imagine please teach us then he gave
them some few simple preparatory methods
and said you prepare yourself let me see
[Music]
they went on preparing themselves
months one hundred years years went into
decades eighty-four years passed one day
he just looked these seven people had
become shining receptacle humanity was
first reminded the simple laws of nature
are not permanent restrictions if you
are willing to strive you can go beyond
that and he not only gave this idea
he gave methods as to how to get there
because nobody knew his name he never
introduced himself
they called him RD yogi
either it means the first year
[Music]